well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about being a good person and why you
should be a good person if you don't
want to be you know there's the reason
you should be a good person the reason
you shouldn't kick down is because it's
the right thing to do that's the reason
some people because they bought into the
idea that others are like them they need
self interests they need a reason to
behave nicely
when the Supreme Court nominations were
going on when the confirmation hearings
were happening there were a lot of
people that came out of nowhere with no
evidence and no facts nothing just based
on partisanship in interest of signaling
to their in-group they got on social
media and they called her a liar making
it up I said at the time that those
posts were forever altering
relationships and the people making them
don't even know it's happening because
the number of people women specifically
that have been a victim of that it's
staggering it is staggering there are
people on your social media feed who
have been a victim of it and they saw
those posts and it confirmed what they
believed that well maybe it was the
right thing not to come forward they
weren't going to be believed anyway by
people they know maybe even liked but it
altered that relationship and that's
cool abstract manner I mean that's cool
it illustrates the point that your words
can actually change your reality you may
not even know it but every once in a
while a story emerges that brings it out
of the abstract and into the concrete
and I read one today and the truth is we
don't know if this is true we don't
there's no real way to fact-check it but
it very well could be true every word of
this could be true
but there's no way for us to know really
however it's a whole lot more more
concrete because it shows a direct chain
of events so there's a couple they've
got four kids they are economically
strapped they don't have a lot of money
and despite using protection
it happens trust me
chance of pregnant again she makes the
choice to put the child up for adoption
and it's like a friend of a friend of a
cousin or something like that somebody
they don't really know but they're
loaded they got money and the child's
gonna have a good life you know when
they go over they've already set up a
nursery they're showing brochures for
the private school they're gonna send
the kid to the kids gonna have it on
easy street and for somebody who has
struggled that's probably pretty
appealing everything's going great it's
a huge load off of mom and then
something happens the adoptive parents
will they friend are on Facebook
and she says she sees posts that are
bigoted and basically it's intermingled
with pro-trump posts and then you know
something about Muslims or gays or
Chinese or whoever all kicking down all
blaming those those others and she
decides not to go through with the
adoption
she made a post asking if it was the
right move I want to go ahead and weigh
in on that now just in case she sees it
being poor is a lack of cash not a lack
of character I would strongly suggest
that character is far more important in
life because gets into the philosophical
aspects of what is life and all of that
an easy street sounds great but if you
have no challenges you don't have any
defeats you have no victories you just
exist character is far more important
because with character you can come from
nothing you can come from the lower
rungs of the socio-economic ladder and
you can improve your station to some
degree and that's worth its value I
would suggest a mother who would make
this decision based on her morals and
ethics would instill character and her
child and I think character is more
important
but at the end of the day on the topic
that we're actually talking about these
people the adoptive parents they may not
even believe this stuff that they posted
on social media they're just signaling
to an end group to show brand loyalty to
some politician forever altered their
life
the Internet's forever their post will
be there forever everybody's going to
know they're going to remember and
social media feeds will provide the
receipts forever altered their life they
may never have another opportunity like
that again so to show brand loyalty to
somebody who does not care about you and
ideas that you probably know are wrong
you gave up your family
it's a pretty big price to pay for some
likes on Facebook
your words are really important they
carry a lot of weight they adjust the
way people perceive you and what they're
willing to do with or for you if you
kick down people see it
and I have no reason to help you they
have no reason to give you the
understanding that you refused to grant
others espousing socially regressive
ideas that's never good
it's never good it never pays off
because the social progressives always
win assuming all of this is accurate the
mom definitely made the right choice
it's better to be poor than be a racist
I mean that that's a that's an accurate
summary of it
when you're making these posts in your
signaling understand that there are
people that are receiving the signal and
they may not be receptive to it think
for yourself say the stuff that you
truly believe and let the chips fall
where they may but I refuse to believe
that many of the people who are
co-signing a lot of today's rhetoric
actually believe it they probably never
even thought about it they're just
showing their loyalty to a party over
their principles and that's a way to get
abandoned it's a way to lose some of the
most important things in your life
because if you're going to abandon
others people that you actually interact
with for somebody you've never met who
does not care about you you're probably
not a good person I believe there are
more good people in the world than bad
and good people like to hang out with
those who don't kick down anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day